[MUSIC]
>> Rachel Nabors: Background images aren't
the most performant thing to animate.
Their positions are not the most
performant thing to animate.
There should be.
I totally lied, there is one, one more,
one more coding opportunity here, but
it's super, super fun.
It's all CSS.
So you can totally show
off how much you know.
We get to walk the cat again.
This time,
find a way to walk the cat without
using expensive background positioning.
I'm going to give you a big,
fat, hairy clue here.
You're gonna to wanna use transform and
you have a sprite image.
What could you do to,
sa,y move that image around,
instead of repositioning
it as a background image?
It should be mentioned, by the way, that
the solution for this in the curriculum is
a little bit different from
the solution I'm gonna show you.
So let me show you how
I would do it today.
And if you really wanna see some fancy
work involving a pseudo class you can
check out the solution tomorrow.
So let's see what we've got here.
We've got a background-position and
it's set on the sprite here.
The first thing we're gonna do,
because animating this background
position is pretty darn non-performant.
And the background position
triggers all kinds of stuff.
It would be a lot nicer if we
move this over to a transform.
We can move a transform around in
more browsers more efficiently
than we can move this background position.
So how do we get this image out
from that background position and
into a place where we can physically
manipulate it with transforms?
We do that by physically putting
it inside the tuna class.
So we're going to do img src=.
There is the sprite, he's still walking.
We've gotta stop that.
We remove the background image.
Actually, this is what it looks like
if I remove the background image.
You can see, it's just the cat.
But I'm gonna give him a red background so
we can see exactly where the tuna div is.
Now the tuna div that he is sitting inside
has a height and width of 200 and 400.
We wanna only see the things inside
that window so we do overflow: hidden.
And this will automatically, automagically
hide the image that overflows.
But for now I'm going to leave that
commented out with some illegal CSS.
And now, we're gonna see what
we can do to animate it.
So let's get rid of this
animation on the tuna div,
we're gonna put it on tuna's image.
Well walk cycle, if we've noticed,
is still using background positions and
there's no background
position on that image.
We want it to use transforms.
So what's that gonna look like?
Well you know I don't even
think we need this 0%.
Let's do this, just use 100%.
Transform: translate,
we're gonna use translate.
And we're gonna use translateY cuz
we're translating on the y axis.
And we're gonna try one 100%.
Let's see what that does.
Okay, we need to use- 100%.
Boom.
So now all we've got
to do is come up here.
Turn on overflow hidden, and
get rid of the background.
And tuna is walking.
It is the same animation only instead
of using background position,
it's now actually using an image.
And moving that image around on the page.
Doesn't disrupt the layout, doesn't
trigger repaints in Chrome, pretty nice.